x-ai/grok-4.1-fast - great, efficient, fast, low-cost agentic model, good for almost everything on medium level. Not the most intelligent though. One of the most balanced options. SUPPORTS IMAGE INPUT
deepseek/deepseek-v3.2 - similar to grok-4.1-fast, but has a higher intelligence, great for some medium problem-solving, slower though. Usually one of the best options as a default because of its cost and great intelligence for the price and reasoning capabilities. Does NOT SUPPORT IMAGE INPUT
xiaomi/mimo-v2-flash - something in between grok 4.1 and deepseek 3.2. Reasonably fast, nice agentic, cheaper and faster than deepseek but more intelligent and more expensive than grok 4.1. Does NOT SUPPORT IMAGE INPUT. The drawback: one of the highest hallucination rates ever.
google/gemini-3-flash-preview - one of the smartest models overall. Much expensive than deepseek 3.2, but one of the best or even the best coding, reasoning, math, agentic capabilities. And THE BEST BY FAR MULTIMODAL capabilities. Perfect for analyzing images, document understanding, THE BEST AND A MUST for creating visuals from code (like presentations, etc.).
moonshotai/kimi-k2.5 - the smartest model by far. Supports multimodal input and has the best in the world agentic capabilities, the best language and writing as well as the best problem-solving capabilities - for hard tasks, especially humanitarian or related to language. The best for 'life advise' or problem-solving, the best for writing, although it may not be the best for every-day conversations because of the pricing
These are the recommended, learn about other models in the ./data/models.json file (warning, it is huge)
